README.md, before:

# MaxMind GeoIP PHP API #

## Requirements ##

This module has no external dependencies. You only need a MaxMind GeoIP
database. To download a free GeoIP Standard Country database, please see
our [GeoLite page](http://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geolite).

## Install via Composer ##

We recommend installing this package with [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/).

### Download Composer ###

To download Composer, run in the root directory of your project:

```bash
curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
```

You should now have the file `composer.phar` in your project directory.

### Install Dependencies ###

Run in your project root:

```
php composer.phar require geoip/geoip:~1.14
```

You should now have the files `composer.json` and `composer.lock` as well as
the directory `vendor` in your project directory. If you use a version control
system, `composer.json` should be added to it.

### Require Autoloader ###

After installing the dependencies, you need to require the Composer autoloader
from your code:

```php
require 'vendor/autoload.php';
```

## Install without Composer ##

Place the 'geoip.inc' file in the `include_path` as specified in your
`php.ini` file or place it in the same directory as your PHP scripts.

## Usage ##

Gets country name by hostname :

```php
<?php

require 'vendor/autoload.php';

$gi = geoip_open("/usr/local/share/GeoIP/GeoIP.dat",GEOIP_STANDARD);

echo geoip_country_code_by_addr($gi, "24.24.24.24") . "\t" .
     geoip_country_name_by_addr($gi, "24.24.24.24") . "\n";
echo geoip_country_code_by_addr($gi, "80.24.24.24") . "\t" .
     geoip_country_name_by_addr($gi, "80.24.24.24") . "\n";

geoip_close($gi);
```

## Memory Caching ##

To enable memory caching, pass `GEOIP_SHARED_MEMORY` or `GEOIP_MEMORY_CACHE`
as the second argument of `geoip_open`.

`GEOIP_SHARED_MEMORY` requires php >= 4.0.4 compiled with `--enable-shmop`
configure time.  See (http://us2.php.net/manual/en/ref.shmop.php).
In addition, you should call `geoip_load_shared_mem` before calling
`geoip_open`.  See `sample_city.php` for an example of shared memory caching.

## Support ##

For help with this API or our databases, please see [our support page]
(http://www.maxmind.com/en/support).

## Copyright and License ##

This software is Copyright (c) 2013 by MaxMind, Inc.

This is free software, licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License
version 2.1 or later.

## Thanks ##

Thanks to Jim Winstead.

Commit message:

Make clear that this is for the legacy format

README.md, after:

# MaxMind GeoIP Legacy PHP API #

## Important Note ##

This API is for the GeoIP Legacy format (dat). To read the MaxMind DB format
(mmdb) used by GeoIP2, please see
[our GeoIP2 PHP API](https://github.com/maxmind/GeoIP2-php).

## Requirements ##

This module has no external dependencies. You only need a MaxMind GeoIP
database. To download a free GeoLite Legacy Country database, please see
our [GeoLite Legacy page](http://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/legacy/geolite).

## Install via Composer ##

We recommend installing this package with [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/).

### Download Composer ###

To download Composer, run in the root directory of your project:

```bash
curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
```

You should now have the file `composer.phar` in your project directory.

### Install Dependencies ###

Run in your project root:

```
php composer.phar require geoip/geoip:~1.14
```

You should now have the files `composer.json` and `composer.lock` as well as
the directory `vendor` in your project directory. If you use a version control
system, `composer.json` should be added to it.

### Require Autoloader ###

After installing the dependencies, you need to require the Composer autoloader
from your code:

```php
require 'vendor/autoload.php';
```

## Install without Composer ##

Place the 'geoip.inc' file in the `include_path` as specified in your
`php.ini` file or place it in the same directory as your PHP scripts.

## Usage ##

Gets country name by hostname :

```php
<?php

require 'vendor/autoload.php';

$gi = geoip_open("/usr/local/share/GeoIP/GeoIP.dat",GEOIP_STANDARD);

echo geoip_country_code_by_addr($gi, "24.24.24.24") . "\t" .
     geoip_country_name_by_addr($gi, "24.24.24.24") . "\n";
echo geoip_country_code_by_addr($gi, "80.24.24.24") . "\t" .
     geoip_country_name_by_addr($gi, "80.24.24.24") . "\n";

geoip_close($gi);
```

## Memory Caching ##

To enable memory caching, pass `GEOIP_SHARED_MEMORY` or `GEOIP_MEMORY_CACHE`
as the second argument of `geoip_open`.

`GEOIP_SHARED_MEMORY` requires php >= 4.0.4 compiled with `--enable-shmop`
configure time.  See (http://us2.php.net/manual/en/ref.shmop.php).
In addition, you should call `geoip_load_shared_mem` before calling
`geoip_open`.  See `sample_city.php` for an example of shared memory caching.

## Support ##

For help with this API or our databases, please see [our support page]
(http://www.maxmind.com/en/support).

## Copyright and License ##

This software is Copyright (c) 2014 by MaxMind, Inc.

This is free software, licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License
version 2.1 or later.

## Thanks ##

Thanks to Jim Winstead.
